Hi within this section regrouping to build an Angry Bird clone.
Where are you going to use something called sprite kids in order to do that in this Sprite kid.
In this game we actually have a physical world.
For example we have a gravity going gone.
We have a mess in this bird.
We have a mess in these boxes.
So we use some force as we use some techniques in order to make our bird go away like this.
So when a bird hits on one of the boxes or any other boxes.
It just moves the boxes just intersects.
It just collides with the boxes and as you can see them we hit some boxes.
Our score increases and we're living inside of a physical world right now and we can't change its attributes
in a way that we want.
We can make it.
No gravity zone.
We can increase the gravity we can decrease the gravity.
We can increase the mass of this bird or we can decrease the mass of these boxes in a way that we want.
We can make the birds fly.
We can push the birds in a way that we want.
We can rotate the bird.
We can rotate the boxes and everything.
Once you master the sprite kids you will be able to build the games that you want in US.
Furthermore we are not only going to see how to build these games we are also going to learn how to
find images so that we can use freely in our own games as well.
So if you're ready let's stop here and continue within the next lecture.